Windows artifacts publication (#17)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt-engine-opentofu: README.md

For more information, see the [Terragrunt IAC Engine RFC](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt/issues/3103).

## Usage

To utilize the OpenTofu Engine in your Terragrunt configuration, you need to specify the `engine` in HCL code.
Here's an example:

```hcl
engine {
  source  = "github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt-engine-opentofu"

>   // Specify a fixed version if you require stable behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Specify a fixed version if you want to pin a specific engine version instead of always
  // using the latest version of the engine.
```
